comedy and music are my two things I am
beer reading sucks never read just have
a hot babe read to me
I love Marvel Comics I was always a
really big magneto fan I'm afraid of
ghosts so I jumped on his back sorry
dude
hey this is Elizabeth from Austin
underground I'm here with Blake from
workaholics how are you what up I'm
great how did the show workaholics
originated well me and the guys we were
kind of working for a while together
just doing videos for YouTube like the
Internet you know and we we didn't get
too many views or whatever but we happen
to get lucky and somebody from Comedy
Central saw some of our videos on
YouTube and they brought us in for a
meeting to pitch him a show basically
and that went really well so we got a TV
show and so awesome yeah it's really a
dream come true it's just out of nowhere
how nowhere I was delivering pizzas one
day and the next day I'm writing a
television show with my best friend and
I'll have you handled you know your
success you said you were you know one
day delivering pizza so now you're here
you know - no this interview is being
recognized everywhere yeah it's kind of
wild its kind of wild I don't know I I
don't know how I handle like beer is
always with me so like that helps but no
it's cool it's cool it's cool when
people say they watch the show and they
like the show cuz I don't know I don't
mean I don't care if you don't like the
show is fine that's not why I do it we
do it because it's fun
but the fact that people do like it is
an extra bonus
I love them for loving us are you in any
way relatable to your character on the
show I think so I think I think all our
characters are kind of I think that's
what I like about the shows you can tell
we're kind of just like extensions of
our true self or whatever but we're not
all that dumb in that crazy you know I
am a little dumb do you do like all of
your stunts and everything like if you
do anything to interest do you do that
whatever they aren't looking I try to go
out and do do some my own stunts but I'm
not Jackie Chan that dude's a beast so
your relationship with the co-stars is
real it's not you know fate know that
it's real as hell we actually were all
roommates living in that house that we
filmed in season one we lived there and
shot there I grew up with Kyle he's
Carla on the show he directs it and I
met Adam in college and we go we go back
with ders - so we're all we're all
actually really tight homey so it's it's
cool to go to your job and you're
working with all your best friends
that's probably my favorite part as I
just get to hang out with my buddies
yes you know the shows about you and
your roommates do you have any specific
experiences like real-life experiences
that you're living with roommates sucks
it's the worst because you start to hate
them because they don't do their damn
dishes or they have sex too loud or
something like that but other than that
no I I don't like really living alone so
erase all that roommates rule yeah but
no I'm very accustomed to having
roommates I've never I'm too scared to
live by myself I'm afraid of ghosts yeah
and you got experiences
well I always hear them out there I've
never been hurt by one yet but like we
they're out there and The Groundlings
what did you take from that so they're
both improv schools so like it's it's
kind of good to like work that improv
muscle or whatever cuz it just kind of
keeps your your brain and like quick
thinking cuz we do some improv on the
set you know but yeah I didn't I never
got like too far in either of them but
you know whenever I had time it was
always real cool to to go it's fun
improv class is awesome that's kind of
how I fell in love with it and all this
in the first place like I did some
improv back in like junior high and I
was like I love this you don't have to
memorize anything and you don't have to
read I hate reading so what's one
episode you would like to see be me
probably just like filming me at a
festival every time I'm at a fast I'm
like this would be a great episode I
mean we did do the Juggalo one so that
was kind of cool
but it would be cool to do some like
cryptic like metal episode we'll see
I'll think about it if I come up with a
cool metal app would you be in the mosh
pit on that one
heck yeah always there's no no place I'd
rather be
I'm trying to lose teeth out here
unsuccessfully